(Episode 38)
I reviewed the contract for Chef On's fridge commercial.
I also reviewed the other contracts.
Please put them on my desk.
Mr. Park.
Mail that was sent to your home have been returned.
I moved.
- I'll give you my new address. - Okay.
(Commercial Contract)
(Taeyang Electronics Commercial Contract)
You're here.
- Do you want something to drink? - No. Sit down.
It's a contract for a fridge advertisement.
The legal team reviewed it already. Take a look.
If there are no problems, we'll proceed.
Okay.
Of all the requests you received, I suggest you do the special lecture.
Special lecture?
It's a talk show from JK,
and it's geared toward teenagers.
You can be a good example and a good influence.
It'll be good not only for your public image,
but also for Good Soup.
I like that it's not a cooking show.
You seem positive about it, so I'll go ahead with it.
- Where are you going? - Home.
Do you still eat alone these days?
Old habits die hard.
Bye.
Whether we talk about America or not...
- I mean... - Wait a minute.
That's a good attitude.
Because the expression...
"having a sense of honor or shame" doesn't apply to a country.
Cunning, promise, betrayal. These expressions...
are used between people.
To a leader who only thinks about power,
the word "promise" does not exist.
Agreement, treaty...
- You're home. - Yes.
Did you do everything today?
Yes. I met Chef On,
and by chance or by destiny I met his mom too.
- How about Hyun Soo? - She's like her daughter.
She cares more about his mom than she does for me.
Of course. She has to.
Do you think they'll get married?
If you think about their age, they have to.
But it seemed like he has a complicated family history.
When I think of it like that, I just want them to date.
How did you make this?
I have good taste for things like this.
Did your mother go home safely?
Yes, I saw her leave in a taxi.
You asked me that for the second time.
I'm just happy you didn't leave with your mom...
and that you are staying here with me.
I don't think I should be saying this to an older person,
but you seem to have an adorable personality.
That's because you haven't seen all of my sides yet.
You have great taste in clothes too.
Your accessories, clothes, and shoes are balanced perfectly.
You talk so sweetly.
I'm just sweet.
It's nice to have a job that you do with your own name.
You can do it too.
What would I do?
I can't work under someone.
Then you can start your business.
You haven't left yet.
I thought you were busy, and that you'd have left.
Jung Sun, what do you think about me opening a flower shop?
Why so suddenly?
It's not an abrupt decision.
I've been thinking about...
opening a shop.
I can't live off your money forever.
Hyun Soo thinks I'll do great too.
Yes.
Not anyone can start a business. You can't do it.
It might fail. Just stay still, and don't cause trouble.
Stay still? Am I dead?
Should I stay still as if I'm dead?
I think I'd better leave. I'll see you later.
Even Hyun Soo believes in me.
You are my son. Why don't you trust me?
Let's talk later.
Are you embarrassed to talk about this in front of her?
Goodbye.
You should see her off.
Are you angry?
I'm a little upset.
Why's my mom like that?
She has to live too.
Hasn't she been living so far?
She's been living for other people, not herself.
Don't you think you should support her if she wants to do something?
It's hard for me to do that.
Your relationship is more like a dad and daughter than a mom and son.
It looks like a father is trying to stop his daughter...
from becoming independent because he's worried.
"I'll do everything for you. You just stay home."
Do you think my mom has never been in business?
She has.
She's easily deceived, and she lends money as well as she borrows it.
She's going to fail.
Not this time.
There's going to be a reliable customer.
A reliable customer?
Good Soup.
Did you forget that I covered the report on Good Soup?
I know everything.
Soo Jung takes care of the flowers on the tables.
But she has too much to do.
You should help your mom to stand up for herself.
You'll feel better when she becomes happy.
Isn't it cruel to say that she should stay still...
when she's still young?
Don't judge...
the days to come by the days you have lived.
- Come in. - All right.
This is a present from your mom.
It's pretty.
You just brought me home, and now you're here again.
I keep wanting to see you.
Come in.
Where's Kyung?
I'll be at my room.
He'll leave soon.
Should I leave soon?
There is a script reading next week.
I need to edit the script by this week.
Yet you spent the whole evening with my mom?
You could say that.
It's a small step,
but I took it nonetheless thanks to you.
Thank you for coming.
Do you know how I saved your name in my cellphone?
How?
Lee Hyun Soo.
It's still just Lee Hyun Soo?
I'll protect you until the end of time,
so you won't ever lose yourself.
I didn't know saving my name like that had such a meaning.
(Jung Sun)
That's when I realized...
that Jung Sun and I...
had different ways of loving each other.
At 2pm today,
there's a script reading for "Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls".
I know.
At 5pm, there's a script reading for "High Society" by Ji Hong Ah.
It's cold.
Why did you come out when it's so cold?
Hello, Chef On.
You didn't need to come, but I'm happy that you did.
I'm happy that you're happy.
You must be really happy.
It's a script reading of her work, not yours.
That's why I'm happy.
This reminds of Yeosu.
We went there together.
Please turn the music on.
All right.
Please turn it off.
Hyun Soo!
Why not? I wanted to show off with my boyfriend too.
I was jealous then.
It's your day, so I'll allow it today.
- Hello. - Hello.
Jung Woo, can't you really allow the cameras?
Go.
It's Director Kim. He must be here.
Where are you?
In the coffee shop?
Where will it be held?
It's probably going to be on the second floor. Let's go.
Hello.
- Hello. - Hello, Mr. Park.
- Here, Mr. Park. - Thanks.
You should head upstairs first.
Aren't you going upstairs?
I just came by for a short while.
Ji Hong Ah's script reading is today too. I need to go there.
I've met everyone I needed to meet.
Hong Ah's script reading is held today?
Your schedules keep clashing. It's making things tough for me.
I'll go now.
- Did you sleep well? - Yes, I did.
- How's your condition? - It's great.
- That's good to hear. - You're so pretty.
My gosh.
- You're here. - Hey, Hyun Soo.
- Hello, Ms. Lee. - Hello.
Ms. Lee.
I enjoyed your last drama.
- That medical drama. - Yes.
Have you seen Jung Woo?
He went to attend Hong Ah's script reading.
That makes no sense.
Why is he already leaving for a meeting that starts at 5pm?
(Joon Ha)
What?
Why didn't you come inside?
I reserved a restaurant for you. You can go there and eat afterwards.
Gosh, the CEO should be here to give us a speech of encouragement.
I sent another employee on behalf of me. Let's talk later.
Jung Woo. Hello? Hello?
What was that?
Goodness.
- I should go now. - You can come inside.
No, it's okay. My duty is done here.
I'll be back after I fulfill my duty.
- You should go back inside. - Okay.
You should go first. I'll see you leave.
Okay. I should hurry up and leave so that you can go back inside.
Bye.
Love...
is not when two good people meet.
It's when two people who are in love come together.
Hello.
(Choi Won Joon)
You're awfully pretty today, Writer Ji.
My gosh. If you go a little further, it'll be sexual harassment.
My goodness. It's time we become close.
Hey, Mr. Park.
- Mr. Park. - Hello.
- Congratulations, Writer Ji. - Thank you.
- What are you doing outside? - She insisted on...
going inside with you. That's why we waited.
I'm the only one who cares for you, aren't I?
Let's just say that you are for today.
- Let's go. - Okay.
You're here.
Hyun Soo must've been happy.
Were you at the script reading? Did you see the actors?
Ask me one at a time.
Hong Ah's also doing a script reading today. Didn't she call you?
It's going to be hard for her to contact me.
Did you treat her harshly?
Yes, I was harsh.
I didn't want to see her again.
You have no control over that.
Exactly.
I guess I can't hide it.
Love is too cruel.
I keep acting like Hong Ah since things aren't going my way.
[VIU Ver] E38 Temperature of Love "I'll Protect You"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(Taeyang Electronics Commercial Contract)
(Commercial Contract)
I'm seeing you often these days.
I want to drink the coffee that you make.
You're making me work. What a bother.
I'll sign the commercial contract. Set up a schedule for me.
Okay.
Did you take a look at the lecture proposal?
Yes, I did. I'll do that too.
It's weird to see you be so obedient.
Wasn't I always obedient to you?
Think again carefully.
Never mind.
I won't be able to sleep if I drink coffee right now.
Then why are you drinking it?
I wanted to try doing something you enjoy together.
Hey, stop that.
It's way too corny.
Here.
What's this?
You can come anytime. It's hard to get a reservation these days.
The thought of you making this...
is already making me feel embarrassed.
I felt really embarrassed while making it as well.
- Right? - Yes.
- Good work. - Good work.
- Good work. - We can do it!
- We can do it! - We can do it!
- Thank you. - Bye.
- See you. - Bye.
Gosh, it's cold.
Why did Mr. Park leave so early?
I don't know. How am I supposed to know?
But I can still guess.
What?
Why did you bring your boyfriend along on a day like this?
I brought him along because it's a day like today.
My gosh, I miss him even more now.
- Gosh, that's enough. - Hyun Soo.
I did a lot of bad stuff to him.
That's why.
You repent on your past behaviors way too much...
when you're in love.
- What is it this time? - What is it this time?
I'm scared.
You pushed me away once.
You can always do it again.
He was right about that...
in the end.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
Hey.
Did you get home safely?
Of course.
Did you call to ask what I'm doing?
No. I called to ask if we can meet tomorrow.
Would that be okay for you? Aren't you really busy?
I'm still going to see you even if I'm busy.
I have something to say to you.
There's something I need to report to you regarding Chef On.
("Chef On is Nowhere to Be Found at Good Soup")
- You should wear rubber gloves. - Okay.
- Let's turn down the heat a little. - Okay.
"Chef On Is Nowhere to Be Found at Good Soup".
"They made basic mistakes such as failing to grill steak properly."
(They made basic mistakes such as failing to grill steak properly.)
"They couldn't even grill a medium-rare steak properly."
"I wonder how that restaurant managed to get a Michelin star."
"I question the competence of the line cooks as well."
It was written by a power-blogger.
Did she post it already?
No, not yet. It's going to get published on a daily newspaper.
How bad could this article effect Good Soup?
It could be as bad as the allergy incident that happened in the past.
Show this to the Legal Team,
and schedule a meeting with this blogger.
I wonder if this looks okay.
It's a small step.
But I was able to take a step forward thanks to you.
I'll protect you until the end of time,
so you won't ever lose yourself.
My gosh.
What did the Legal Team say?
They said we should come to a settlement with her.
- Did you schedule a meeting? - No, she's being very persistent.
Let's go to Good Soup first.
- Did you eat? - Yes, of course.
- Would you like some tea? - Sure.
What will you do with your mom?
I'll have to see her and talk to her.
Talking about family with you makes me feel like we're a family.
Does that mean you're comfortable with me?
What did you want to tell me? Why are you stalling?
You really are showing up any time since you have a free pass.
It's break time, so you can't have a meal.
Do you think I'm here to eat?
Shouldn't you be working instead of hanging out here?
I need to take breaks, you know.
She isn't your employee. Why are you grilling her?
Stay out of this. It's none of your business.
You have to nail at least one.
Either the TV ratings or artistic quality.
Okay. I'll keep that in mind.
Good answer.
I better go now.
Why did you come if you were going to leave?
The man I like the most.
Here's the woman I like the most.
It's great to be with two people I like the most.
I dropped by because I was in the area.
As you were.
Are you really going to leave like this?
The break time is almost over,
so we better talk here.
I'm scared of what you're about to say.
Don't be scared.
It's time for Lee Hyun Soo's self-reflection.
That sounds grand.
In order for us to move forward,
we need to clean up the past.
We have to clean up, so we can move forward.
I thought that...
because I was older than you,
I had more experience due to my age.
I grew up being loved by my parents,
so I thought I knew how to love.
You know how to love.
But that wasn't the case.
Do you know what you are saved as on my phone?
Jung Sun heart.
What about it?
You saved me as Lee Hyun Soo.
When you loved me,
you tried to keep me as I am.
But...
I think I was in love with the feeling of love.
I thought the moth drawn to a flame was love.
I thought it was okay to die.
I liked that.
In order to keep On Jung Sun...
as On Jung Sun,
I had to protect you,
watch you,
and wait for you.
Take this,
and give me the ring that you gave me before.
You know what a ring means, right?